postmortem: In this project, I focused on building a modular and readable card game system using the feedback given to me. I used the Component Pattern to make cards customizable, the State Pattern to manage phases like player turns and AI moves, and the Command Pattern to encapsulate actions like submissions. The Observer Pattern allowed different parts of the game to react to events, while the Singleton Pattern made sure the logic was consistent throughout the game. Using the Factory and Strategy Patterns, It guided my card creation and behavior handling. Feedback from peers also helped refine the architecture like when Marcus suggested clearer state transitions, Dilbert emphasized object-oriented structure, and another reviewer encouraged decentralizing functions, which led me to separate logic into distinct files. Overall, I’m proud of how manageable and scalable the system became. If I were to improve it further, I’d break down logic into even smaller functions and make the logic less cluttered to better visualize flow and structure. This experience made me realize how much good practice in coding will really save time and help shape projects an especially in always changing technologies and game updates. It was a real eye opener when I had to add onto the project and I saw that the patterns helped a lot in knowing what went wrong with debugging, and isolated the bugs.

It was definitely rocky, having to balance the time to debug and with other classes, I had so many ambitions but couldn't get them in the time frame. This project feels different from everything I worked on, I actually had to think of the future of how it would interact with the other systems so that I can make the design as easy as possible to extend or build on. Usually I just want my code to work for assignments in my other classes. The thing I'm most proud of was making game mechanics. Usually when things get complicated or hard, I usually give up and start another passion project because its really hard to stay motivated when you don't see your work being worth it. But having these assignments be so visual really helped me enjoy the coding aspect of it, especially when I can relate to the topic of video games. The biggest area of improvement was more smaller functions, I sometimes get too engrossed on making a function do what the name says that sometimes the lines for 1 function is drastically different than another function. I would work on something like this again, it is interesting that I can make something like this in lua, all I need is some art skills and I think I'd be very interested to complete a game. 